With the individual stocks set up in the portfolio.vue file, I'll add a script because now I want to get all
my stocks here. So I will export a default object here and this object now has computed properties
and here I'll set up my getters.
Now I'm only interested in one getter so I could access it directly but as before with the actions, I want
to show how to use map getters so I'll import it from vuex and then in computed, I'll use this three dots syntax,
the spread
operator
and then I call map getters and I could simply pass an array to map stock portfolio which is the name
of the getter here,
to a named stock portfolio in this local file
but if I want to use a different name in this file, for example stocks, then I set it up as an object
where I map stocks to the name in the store which is stock portfolio. With that, all that's left to
do for me is I need to add my components, this local portfolio stock component which I'll therefore also
import from the stock.vue file and I'll name it app stock stock,
I don't have any naming conflicts with using app stock here and also in this file because both are
local components and the thing left for me to do is here, I want to loop through all my stocks,
so with v-for. I want to loop through stock in stocks, stocks now referring to my getter here so this
in the end will be a property but directly from the state
and of course I do pass stock as a prop to app stock because there, I do expect it.
Well let's see if that all works as intended,
if we buy a new share of BMW and go to the portfolio, we now see BMW quantity one here and if
we now sell one, well then we get an error. So selling doesn't work yet,
however buying it works,
now let's fix selling
and let's also change this from a green box to let's say a blue box.
Just some stylistic change,
I'll do both in the next video.